Your Majesty will not forgive you.
Don't worry.
He'll be right there.
What about him?
No, forget it.
Wait a minute.
I have Wang Xuyen in my hand.
This is evidence of Luong Uy s crime.
If only you could let me go
I'll give it to you.
Even though your family is strong
If you have weight
Even if you can't move in with him.
But it can also give them a heavy blow.
Every time we meet.
I think it's because Liang Uy didn't pay attention.
They all put Loibi's heart on him.
If you can forgive me, I'll give him to you.
As long as you prove that he wants such trouble, such an important thing, you anytime, anywhere, I come.
Here, now there's politics.
Let's go to the press conference.
As for him, I can still use it.
I can show you the sun.
I can be a witness.
Go and bring it yourself.
There's also Black Fire going out to eat.
You come back to me.